Mandate v6 keys with ML-KEM+ECDH (#140)
openpgp-pqc/draft-openpgp-pqc: draft-ietf-openpgp-pqc.md

   Implementations not understanding PQ(/T) certificates can use the legacy certificate, while PQ(/T)-capable implementations will prefer the newer certificate.

>    This allows having an older v4 or v6 certificate for compatibility and a v6 PQ(/T) certificate, at a greater complexity in key distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This allows having a traditional certificate for compatibility and a v6 PQ(/T) certificate, at a greater complexity in key distribution.
```
Although not critical maybe an editorial improvement, in order to focus on the terminology "traditional" instead of "old".
